feat: add tls and auth_mode to outbox conf reference (#233)
canonical/landscape-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/landscape-installation-and-set-up/disa-stig.md

sudo lsctl restart
```

> ## Install and configure the Landscape Outbox

Reviewer: Landscape 26.04 LTS+ only right? If yes, add that to this section

**Edit:** Actually, it might be better to change the heading, so it's "(Landscape 26.04+) Install and configure the Landscape Outbox"

> The Landscape Outbox is a required component that interacts with the message broker and databases. Since the outbox runs as a snap under the `root` user, it requires its own copies of the client certificates for authentication.

Reviewer: "Landscape Outbox" could link here: https://documentation.ubuntu.com/landscape/explanation/landscape/landscape-server-architecture/#outbox

Either with/without the crosslink is fine to me though

Install the `landscape-outbox` snap if not already installed:

```bash
sudo snap install landscape-outbox
```

> Copy the CA certificate and the RabbitMQ client certificates:

Reviewer: Copy these where? On the machine where `landscape-outbox` is installed? (the Server?)

```bash
sudo cp /etc/ca-certificates.crt /root/snap/landscape-outbox/common/ca.crt
sudo cp /etc/landscape/rabbitmq_client.pem /root/snap/landscape-outbox/common/rabbit.pem
sudo cp /etc/landscape/rabbitmq_client.key /root/snap/landscape-outbox/common/rabbit.key
```

> Ensure they are owned and readable by `root`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the certificates are owned and readable by `root`:
```
"they" could refer to the certificates or the snap
